QUESTIONS	OPTION A	OPTION B	OPTION C	OPTION D	
Which of the following framework allows Front Office Portfolio Management and Front Office CRM to communicate with Core Banking	Integration Framework	Interaction Framework	Design framework	None of the above	
"When inputting a mutual fund purchase order within Front Office, 
which function is performed by Core Banking?"	Calculate credit limits	Calculate fees and taxes	Both answers are false	Both answers are true	
"Within Wealth Suite, which of the following order types would get created
in Core Banking as opposed to Front Office?"	Forex	Investments	Derivatives 	Securities	
In an integrated WealthSuite setup, "Fees & Charges" are typically owned by?	Data Source	Front Office PM	Core Banking	Front office CRM	
Front office communicates with which of the following systems for orders	Core Banking	"External Order 
Management System (OMS)"	"Core Banking &
 External OMS"	None of the above	
TTI flows are based on the data triggers	TRUE	FALSE			
In which level is the Maker- Checker (4 eyes validation) applied?	TTI	Front Office	OMS	Back Office	
"From the below which of the following is NOT part of the Front Office
PM Module?"	"Pre-Trade Compliance 
Checks"	"Performance 
calculations"	Portfolio Rebalancing	Customer Management	
"From the below which of the following is NOT part of the Front Office CRM
Module"	Client Data Management	"Relationship 
Management"	Prospect Management	"Client Portfolio 
Rebalancing"	
Reporting in Front Office PM use Actuate	TRUE	FALSE			
"When inputting a stock purchase order within Front Office, which function is
performed by Core Banking?"	Settlement of the trade	Sanity check	Both answers are true	Both answers are false	
For which of the following data Core Banking is NOT a master	Client Data Management	Portfolios	Accounts	Investment Profiles	
The GUI is used to connect to which system?	Front Office	Data Source	Core Bnaking	Business Intelligence	
"Which among the below is not a functionality provided by WealthSuite
FO PM Component - Portfolio Analysis?"	Performance	Future Cash Flow	Client Profiling	Valuation	
"It is possible for a Bank to integrate our WSFO Channels into their existing
workbench via an external call i.e Within the Bank's workbench Wealth Suite could exist as an iframe for the wealth management data"	FALSE	TRUE			
"Front office receives executions directly from External Order Management
systems"	TRUE	FALSE			
"In the Standard setup of Wealth Suite, end-users would have access to the
back-end/Core Banking via the Front-end/Front Office. Which of the following User to Front-end combinations is possible?"	Customer GUI	External Manager GUI	"Portfolio Manager-
Browser"	Trading Desk-Browser	
The ownership for price and issuer information is in:	Data Source	Front Office CRM	Core Banking	"Front Office Portfolio
 Management"	
"Which of the following type of order CANNOT be created from WealthSuite
Front Office Channels application?"	Loans & Deposits	Mutual Fund	Stocks	Options	
"Which of the following statements is true of the order flow under a Direct
Market Access set up?"	"The OMS will send Core 
Banking the execution details"	"The OMS will send a 
message to Core 
Banking that the order 
has been Sent to the 
Market"	"Front Office will advise
Core Banking of any
order executions"	"Front Office will advise 
Core Banking once 
order grouping takes 
place"	
"In the initial load, Front office receives from Core banking portfolio positions 
as operations / transactions"	TRUE	FALSE			
What does NOT interact with the Interaction Framework:	GUI	Channels	Channels and WUI	WUI	
Which of the following statement is true	"TAP Service Layer (TSL) is 
where the portfolio's
pre-computed portfolio 
data are calculated"	"Financial Servers handle
 all the calculations like 
performance"	"OData/IRIS Services 
and Java APIs control 
the communications to
 external system"	All of the above	
If a Bank has integrated WSFO with T24/Core Banking, the instrument data in T24 will act as Slave and the Instrument data in WSFO will act as Master	TRUE	FALSE			
Which of the following functionality is NOT provided in standard WealthSuite Core Banking?	Reconciliation	Trade Appropriation	Price Data	Cash Management	
Integration framework enables	"Changes made in the Core 
Banking to immediately 
reflect in the Portfolio 
Management System"	"Orders initiated in the 
Portfolio Management 
systems gets 
automatically 
transmitted to Core 
Banking system"	Both A and B	None of the above	
"Which was the web based frontend which was used before moving to 
WealthSuite Channels?"	GUI	TTI	ODATA 	WUI	
"In Core Banking, a Customer record is made up of one or more Person 
(Client) records"	TRUE	FALSE			
How many portfolios a client can own?	At most one	"Any number of 
portfolios"	"One portfolio per 
resident country"	"One portfolio for each 
type of security"	
Relationship Managers access via which of the below front end(s):	Channels	"WUI (Web User 
Interface)"	"GUI (Graphical User 
Interface)"	Both Channels and WUI	
"Front Office and Core Banking communicate with each other through which 
of the following?"	Interaction framework	Odata	Integration framework	IRIS	
"Which of the following statements is true of the order flow under a 
Non-Direct Market Access set up?"	"The OMS will send the 
order execution details to 
Front Office"	"The OMS will send to 
Core Banking the 
execution details"	"The OMS will send a 
message to Front Office  that the order has  been placed on the Market "	"Front Office will advise 
Core Banking of any 
order executions"	
"If a Bank does not implement Front Office CRM, then the Client Master 
would be Core Banking"	TRUE	FALSE			
The WUI can be used to perform which of the following functions?	"Maintenance of 
instrument data"	"System Prameter 
maintenance"	Portfolio valuations	"None of these options 
are correct"	
"Which of the following objects is loaded to the Front Office database from 
Core Banking?"	Initial positions	Accounted operations	Securities data	"All of these options 
apply"	
In the Initial positions load, data flows from Front Office to Core Banking	TRUE	FALSE			
"In an integrated WealthSuite setup, for which of the following data is 
WealthSuite Front Office is typically the master of?"	Instruments	Orders  	Portfolios	Accounts	
"In Wealth Suite, which of the following functionality would Front Office be the
Master of Record?"	Portfolio and Client data	Position data	"Investment profiles 
and Constraints"	Infrastructure data	
"In Core Banking, we have the concept of a Customer. When Core Banking is 
integrated with Front Office, what object will the Customer propagate to in 
Front Office?"	Portfolio	Account 	Customer	Third Party	
Which of the following statements is true of Channels?	"Is the designated interface 
for administration"	"Can be used for system 
configration"	"Can be used to access 
Core Banking and 
Front Office data"	"Enables the 
maintenance of 
infrastructure data"	
What are the features that GUI offers:	Data Administration	Security Administration	System configuration	All of the above	
Mail Merge package creation is a function of:	Data Source	"Front Office Portfolio 
Management"	Front Office CRM	Core Banking	
"Which of the following frontends of WealthSuite Front Office is typically used 
for ""Data Administration"" & ""System Configuration""?"	Channels	Browser	GUI  	WUI	
In Direct Market Access, Front office passes the order data to Core Banking.	TRUE	FALSE			
"Which is the Temenos preferred application used to load Initial data for 
Portfolios from WealthSuite Back Office to Wealth Suite Front Office?"	JBPM	TDS	UXP	TTI	
Central Position Keeping System is a feature of:	"Front Office Portfolio 
Managerment"	Data Source	Front Office CRM	Core Banking	"Both Data Source 
and Core Banking"
In an integrated WealthSuite setup, "Strategies" are typically owned by?	Data Source	Front Office PM	Core Banking	TTI	
"Main purpose of TTI is to transfer order and trade related data between 
Front office and Core Banking"	TRUE	FALSE			
A Back Office user in a bank will typically use which of the following frontend  in WealthSuite?	Browser	GUI	WUI	Channels	
In Host Comparison, Which of the following data is compared	Portfolio Positions	Investment Profiles	Portfolio & Accounts	Customer	
Which element of the presentation layer has been traditionally used to enable an end-user to perform functions such as data administration, system configuration and security administration within Front Office?	Channels	WUI 	GUI	Browser	
Within Wealth Suite, which of the following functions is performed by Core Banking but is displayed in Front Office? 	Loans	Lombard Valuation	Both answers are true	Both answers are false	
Create, Read, Update and Delete is enabled by the Interaction Framework for: 	Only Front Office	Only Core Banking	Both Front Office and Core Banking	None of the options	
